In this demonstration, you will learn how to push to a remote repository.
Let's switch to Visual Studio.
To push to a remote repository,
you just go to the Synchronization page of Team Explorer.
So let's click here on Sync.
Here you find two sections, Push to Azure DevOps and Push to Remote Repository.
In the first section, you can click here on Publish Git Repository,
and then you can use your Microsoft account to find all the
organizations you are part of in Azure DevOps.
Then you can specify the repository and you can just publish that repository.
But instead of using this section,
let's use the second one that works with any Git service,
including Azure DevOps.
Here you just click on Publish Git Repo,
and then you need to enter the URL for an empty Git repository.
In Azure DevOps, everything is set up already for us.
So let's go to Azure DevOps to grab that URL.
Here I've opened dev.azure .com /wiredbraincoffee.
Let me switch my browser to full-screen mode.
The Wired Brain Coffee organization has here a Tools project.
Let's open up this project and let's click here on Repos.
As you can see, here is an empty WiredBrainCoffee.ShopInfoTool repository.
So let's just click here this little button to copy
the clone URL to the clipboard.
And now, let's go back to Visual Studio.
In Team Explorer, let's just paste the URL and let's click here on Publish.
Now the repository was published.
When you publish the first time to Azure DevOps with your user account,
you will see a pop-up window that asks you for a user name and password.
Now let's open up my browser again with Azure DevOps.
Let me hit F5 to refresh this page.
Now you can see we have uploaded the WiredBrainCoffee.ShopInfoTool.
Let's click here on History.
Here you can see the two commits that Visual Studio has created for us.
Now let's go back to Visual Studio.
When you click on Branches, you can see now the remotes master branch.
Also, when you go to the settings in Team Explorer,
you can see here beside the Global Settings the Repository Settings.
These Repository Settings are available when you have opened
a local Git repository in Team Explorer.
Let's click on these settings,
and when you scroll down here you can see here the Remotes repository.
So if you want to add a remote repository manually,
or if you want to edit it,
you can do this here in the Repository Settings in Visual Studio.
Alright, now the user Thomas has a local Git repository,
and he has also pushed the Git repository to Azure DevOps.
In the next clip,
we will switch to the user Julia and she will clone that Git repository from Azure DevOps.